Step 1. 

When you do gedcom lookup, I don't want you to check exact matches. Great example is "Jędrzej Kruk". You have it in your model.

In gedcom he's called "Andrzej (Jędrzej) Kruk". You need to make check take check if first name contains name typed. Same applies to last name.

Step 2.

When I edit personal info, there's place of birth and death. Apply location suggestions also there.

Step 3.

When I edit personal info and use gedcom lookup, you list found relationships. There's however no way to add them to the model.

I want to have "add" option. This could open yet another modal window. There i want to have option to add new person or merge it with existing one. 

Again, if merging i want to be able to select info imported from gedcom lookup.

Step 4.
When I open edit personal window again, I don't want to see results of previous gedcom lookup again.

Even though i entered place of birth and death for different person. Those fields have same input for different person, when opened. It's wrong.

Step 5. 
When I edit an marriage event. There is info on parents of groom and bride. If those parents are already in the model, populate those fields with their data.

Step 6. 
When marriage event is updated i want to immediately see result without refresh page. Same applies to other event type.

Step 7. 
When you show relationship on person card, i want you to also show maiden name, if any, apart from first name and last name

Step 8. 
When a person is selected (person card), I want to have its id in url. So that, when i refresh, it opens same person card.
When page is opened, I want to start with P0264 being selected.

Step 9.
When person is created. Generate birth/death events and populate them with data available (place of birth/death).
If i edit birth/death date/place of a person in person card, i want you to also update them in related events.
When I add birth/death date/place of a person, I want you to generate event for it under the hood (if it is not there). This person should be by default participant of either child or deceased type/role.

When birth event is created for a person and there's a date, it should automatically added as birth date in person model (and reflected on person card).

Step 10.

When relationship is added to a person, locate and update respective event (or create one if its missing) with relation type. If a father is added, add him to birth event. If wive is added, add here to marriage event. etc.

Step 11.
Don't need summary:

600
Persons
499
Events
507
Relationships
154
Families

Remove it from ui.

Step 12.
I perefer to have person card on left side, not on right.

Step 13.
When birth event is created and there is no marriage event created with them being participants, create one automatically. It should not be created, if there is already such event.

Step 14. 
When event is created from person card. It should automatically use info of selected person as:
mother/father (depending on their gender) - for births
deceased - for deaths
bride/groom (depending on their gender) - for marriages

Step 15.
When relations are showed on person card, i want to see button that would open event establishing such relation between this person and other person.

------------

Step 16.
When I try to add new relationship (spouse) to P0251 through gedcom lookup G1348, it fails. I want it to work and add marriage event.

Step 17.
Remove marriage year from person card edit modal. It's useless as there can be multiple marriages.

Step 18. 
P0542 (father) and P0543 (mother) participated in birth event of P0120 (child). I want you to parse all existing birth events and add synthetic marriage events between mothers and fathers if they do not exist already. 

Step 19.
When I add new person through add person button. Location dropdown does not appear. Fix it.

Step 20.
Show content of event on the bottom of edit event modal.

Step 21.
If I provide age of a person in any event (for example in witness data in death event), I want you to update birth event of that person by setting year calculated as year of event where age is provided - age provided.

Step 22. 
When you show participants of an event in person card, I want you to show if given person in participant list is related to person whose card it is (write how closely they are related if they are (aunt/uncle/cousin/etc.)).

Step 23. 
There may be some data issues, for example: 

Person can have more than one birth event (where it participates as child).
Person can have more than one death event (where it participates as deceased).
Person cannot participate in events in roles such as groom/bride/witness/godparent/parent while being too young (let's assume 14 years old as starting point).
Person can have birth event as mother while being too old (let's assume 50 years old as latest point - this applies only to female parents).
Person can be too old participate in an event (let's assume that age 100 years - usually people don't live that long)
Person cannot participate in the same event with two roles.

If you detect such issues (assuming that you have age of given person). I want you to add "!" next to event on person card.

Step 24.
Importing relationship through gedcom lookup should open event creation view with prepopulated data of all participants if they are known.
For example: In gedcom there are relationships between P0251, G0884 and G0885 (his parents). When I click on add G0885 I want to see both of them added to P0251's birth event in edit view.

-----------
Step 25
When death date is imported in person edit gedcome lookup (P0122), it is not populated into death event. Fix it.

Step 26.
When you list matches found from internal model or gedcom (Found 2 matching person(s):), provide parents info (name/surname) in summary as well and maiden name

Step 27.
On person card when relationships are show, i want you to mention link to edit event, from which relationship is taken.

Step 28.
Why is P0119 mentioned as spouse of P0120 and P0264? It is bug.

Step 29. 
When age of a father (or any other participant) is provided through birth event (or different event) of his child is provided, birth date is not updated. You must create birth event if not present and calculate birth date from age provided based on event where its provided.

Step 30.
When parent is created through child bith event, you must also create marriage relationship between parents.

Step 31. 
In birth events if name/surname of witness exactly matches god parent's, do not create new entity for god parent. Use reference for entity created as witness.

-----

Step 32.
If a person gets married, dies, gives birth to child (either as mother or father) I want you to assume that grandparents/parents/siblings (2 steps of blood relationship) of this person are also witnesses of this event. 

They do not need to be listed explicitly as witnesses. I want those events to be listed in their events lists. Basically, i want to see all family events listed for every person. 

Step 33. 
Events from step 32 should be only visible during lifetime of person from person card. If you don't know death year, but you have birth year for this person, assume that events should be shown only 20 years from last event that given person explicitly participated in.

Step 34.
When an event is shown (family witness) - i want you to show relationship between primary participant of this event (child/deceased/groom/bride) and person shown as blood witness.

Step 35.
On a person card I want to "Geneteka Lookup" button. When clicked I want you to open new tab in browser. Link should go to:
https://geneteka.genealodzy.pl/index.php?op=gt&lang=pol&bdm=B&w=13sk&rid=3382&search_lastname=Kruk&search_name=Brygida&search_lastname2=&search_name2=&from_date=&to_date=

Link has search_lastname and search_name query params. Populate them with data of a person from person card. Remember link should be open in new tab. 

Step 36.
Add one more button to person card, geneteka import. It should use url from step 35 (populated with right data). From this page you need to extract info about children of a person selected. This link leads to page where birth records are listed. Person selected would be either farther (ojciec) or mother (matka). Use gender as a hint as well. If there are records on the page with person in question mentioned as parent, you need to extract this info. Each row on this page represents birth record that needs to be mapped to birth event. I don't want you to create those event automatically. If you find a match, you need view with create birth event and populate it with data found in a matched row - namely, year (rok), name of a child (Imię), last name (nazwisko - take father's last name), father's name (Imię ojca), Mothers name (Imię matki), Mothers maiden name (Nazwisko matki), mothers last name (take father's last name), place (miejscowość), Put all info from matched birth record into event Content/Summary (icluding info exctracted from uwagi coulmn). I need to review this data first, so i'll save it. 

 If there are more birth records for given person, immediately after event edit window is closed (either saved or cancelled), you need to open window with next birth event - next row mapped accordingly.

 Before you start coding, i want you to analyse the page from example link. Think of potential issues, come up with suggestions. Make sure you understand structure of geneteka page.

 Step 37. 
 Do not show "Family events" which do not have date set in event list on person card.

 Step 38.
 Change "Geneteka Import" button. Once clicked it should give options to select. Similar to "Add event" button. Options:
    - "Children Import" - this is what "Geneteka Import" does at the moment.
    - "Birth lookup" - this should use lookup logic from 36, but instead of looking for birth records of children of person in question, it should look for birth record of this particular person. So it should check for name of a child (Imię), last name (nazwisko - important caviard: when person in question is female, you need to use maiden name!). If there is any record matched, create a birth event a prepopulate it with data in similar way as it is described in step 35. Note that here, person is a child, and parents data needs to be extracted.
    - "Marriage lookup" - similar task to step 35, but this time you need to use different page:
    https://geneteka.genealodzy.pl/index.php?op=gt&lang=pol&bdm=S&w=13sk&rid=3560&search_lastname=Myszka&search_name=Jan&search_lastname2=&search_name2=&from_date=&to_date=&rpp1=&ordertable= it is similar, use name and surname, query page, create prepopilated marriage event, let me review it. Remember to extract "Uwagi". When looking for females, remember to use maiden names. Take time to analyse page and marriage event form. Prepolute parents of groom and bride.
    - "Death lookup"  similar task to step 35, but this time you need to use different page:
    https://geneteka.genealodzy.pl/index.php?op=gt&lang=pol&bdm=D&w=13sk&rid=3384&search_lastname=Myszka&search_name=Jan&search_lastname2=&search_name2=&from_date=&to_date=&rpp1=&ordertable= - you are looking for match in Imię and Nazwisko, not other columns. Once match is located, create prepoluted death event for me to review.


 Step 39.
 On person card, make buttons smaller, avoid scrolling sidewards at all cost.

 Step 40.
 When children are listed on person card, they need to be sorted by birth year starting from oldest. 

 Siblings on person card should also have birth year and be sorted in the same way.

 Step 41. 
 When a person has its own birth event and there's a place provided use this place when new event of marriage and death type is created. Prepolute said place. After all, most people were born and died in the same palce.

 Step 42.
On person card "Family events" are listed. I don't want you to list events where blood relative was a witness. Example: P0092 has event listed where his father is a witness. This is not a family event. Family event should be listed on person card only if blood relative is a participant as child, parent, deceased, bride, groom. Witness/godparent should not quafily.

Step 43. 
Show event id next to event on person card.

Step 44.
When birth event is added from person card, you already prepolute given person as father/mother depending on their sex. You need to prepopulate spouse's name as second parent if there's a marriage link established between them.

Step 45.
When there's no marriage link between 2 people, but there are listed as parents of a child in event. Create marriage event for them after birth event is persisted. If there is already such marriage event for them do nothing.

Step 46.
In person card, when personal data is edited, I want you to select right sex depending on person given name. In Polish when given name ends with "a", it's a female name. So when I type given name ending with "a", you need to change sex to female. Otherwise it should be male. Do the change given name form is unclicked.

Step 47.
Create new type of event - generic event. I should be able to create it with "Add event" button and select "Generic" option. This event type should support event date, place, house number, participants (3), tags, links, notes, event content. Relationship type established by this event should be called "participant".

Generic event should have title. This title should be later shown as label on the list of event (just like "birth", "marriage", "death").

Step 48.
When event E0993is displayed on person card of P0487 - it has "generic" label. I want generic events to use title value for label.

Step 49.
In events list I want to also have spouse death (as well as sposuses of blood relatives that quafily to be shown in this events) listed.  

Step 50. 
On person card there are relatives/sposuses listed. I want to have specified their birth and death dates by their names. Everywhere consistently (at the momemnt children have birth dates and others don't).

Step 51.
When birth event are added, i want to have option to provide 3 witnesses in UI.

Sort spouses by marriage year if known.

----

Step 52.
When person (bride/groom) is added through marriage event, no sex is specified. You must assume sex from role. Person created as bride is female. Groom is male.

Step 53.
Step 46 still does not work. When first name ends with "a" and text window is unclicked, you need change sex to female. Otherwise it should stay as male.
This should work both in "Add person" and "add birth event".

Step 54.
When someone is added through birth event, you prepopulate father and mother, that's good. I want you to also prepopulate last name of child. It should be taken from father.

Step 54.1

You must not reusue house number for future events for same person. Do not prepopulate it in any event.

Step 55.
In "Community network" tab never load all people from model. You must load only those that are related to person shown in person tab. If there's no person selected, show empty network.

Step 56.
Add new sections to person model:
- tags
- notes

Tags (if any) should be displayed under sex on person card.

Notes (if any) should be displayed under family section and before events section.

When I create/edit person I want to have respective input sections as well.

Step 56.1

Remove birth/death dates/place from person model (from json file and backend code). Values diplayed on person card and used for backend calculations should come from respective events.

Before you remove them, check source code to avoid breaking app.

Step 57.

I want to be able to upload documents/pictures (jpg/jpegs) - let's call them documents. You need to create new button, next to "add person" - "add document".
When document is added you need to open form where i can give name to this document.
When document is added, it should end up in ./data/documents directory. 

Add new model for documents:
   - id
   - path
   - name
   - notes
   - transcription
   - tags
   - date
   - participants
   - link

Document can have unlimited number of participants - so form should support adding new partipacts over oand over again in UI. Participants are people from model.
So when selecting participants i want to have model lookup option, similar to one used in events view.

Step 58.
Next to "Add document" button, add "show documents" button. Once clicked, it should show list of all documents. Each document should be clickable. If cliked, document card should appear.

It should be similar to person card and show document details. I should be able to edit document data.

Step 59.
In person card I want to see documents linked to a given person.